Navigator Tiles management (#2823)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed a potential hang when `PassiveLocationDataSource` fails to download routing tiles. ([#2808](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2808))
* Fixed an issue where `RouteController` or `PassiveLocationDataSource` sometimes snapped the user’s location assuming a path that violated a turn restriction. ([#2808](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2808))
* Improved performance and decreased memory usage when downloading routing tiles. ([#2808](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2808))

> * `PassiveLocationManager.startUpdatingLocation(completionHandler:)` no longer requires optional `completionHandler:` property. ([#2823](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2823))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Renamed `PassiveLocationManager.startUpdatingLocation(completionHandler:)` to `PassiveLocationManager.startUpdatingLocation()`. This method now runs synchronously like `CLLocationManager.startUpdatingLocation()`. ([#2823](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2823))
```
